what is taking so long i want to be a
wizard
like you where the staff and everything
staffs are for those with mastery over
magic
you're welcome arcadia the faith of
existence is at stake bring me the
guardians of arcadia
the dark menace is coming you are all
now soldiers in the war
started centuries ago
what's happening everyone get your
safety
it would appear we've had accidents
which means
we're lost in time
what welcome to camelot
what happened what are we doing at a
rent fair
how do we get home the time battle we'll
have to find a way back without screwing
up history
or there won't be a future to go home to
war is coming we will bravely
and heroically high until this dreadful
conflict blows over
may have come to the end of days
the hurricane order they're here
the battle begins
who dares to disturb my slump
is that all you got punk
you